Lets start off with an easy one....I just got in a Compaq Presario Cq57-229WM (model numbers are extremely important! It can be the difference in a lot of things, do your research) Looks like it came out in 2011, has 8 gigs of ram, AMD processor. I hook up the laptop and let it charge for a bit, then open up the laptop and start it up. Press in this case ESC to enter BIOS menu, It might be F2,F8 or F12 depending on your system. It will say at the boot screen before it goes to the OS loading screen. Anyways I go to boot order and change the boot order to make it boot from the USB first, stick my usb drive in the port and save those settings. PC reboots and it will read from the USB. When win10 starts to boot it might take a good minute or 4 just give it time. It hasn't froze! You'll have to do some light work like put your language in, few other settings then it will ask for a serial, on the bottom it says "I don't have a product key", accept the terms, then you'll be at the "hard drive" screen. Unless the hard drive is brand new (normally isn't unless the HD inside is broken) I simply delete everything and click new which formats over everything on the drive. Depending on your system it can take some time for windows 10 to install. I just let it does its thing and start scrapping other things or installing other systems will that is doing its thing. It isn't uncommon for me to be doing 3-4 pcs at time along with scrapping a VCR or TV. Once you get the hang of it, it is literally like second nature.
The next screen you should see is a network screen. I don't connect to any network and simply hit skip. It has a few more screens to go through before you get to the desktop. Now here is where it becomes even easier, first thing I do is connect to my network, and while holding the windows key I press X, and select open powershell (admin). Once powershell opens I paste this into it "irm https://massgrave.dev/get | iex" you might have to unblock defender because it will most likely complain. Another window will appear that says "Microsoft activation scripts 2.2" press 1 and the script will run which will activate windows for you permanently. Once that is done press 5 to check activation status you'll have to scroll up to see all of the results but basically you are looking for "the machine is permanently activated", then press any key and exit that, then close powershell. After windows is activated, I let it run through its updates so it is completely updated. This may take some time but once its completely updated go online and go to https://www.driverscloud.com/en and install their program (unless you already have it on your usb, then install it). Double click on DriveCloud and let it do its thing, download all the drivers and install them. You might have to reboot several times for some drivers to install and etc. Just follow along with whatever they say. Now do this until all your drivers are updated, once that is done you can uninstall driverscloud as you won't need it anymore.

So quick recap...By now you should have win10 installed, activated, updated and all the drivers updated as well. I'd advise not moving beyond this point until all 3 of those are done. If you don't want to play around with the drivers then at the very least have windows activated and updated completely. Now onto more fun!!!

Go back to powershell (win + X then select powershell (admin) ) type in "iwr -useb https://christitus.com/win | iex" , Don't be alarmed, you'll see some text outputting into the powershell window just relax its doing its thing. It may take a few seconds for the next window to pop up. Now you should see "Chris Titus Tech's Windows Utility", WARNING WARNING WARNING!!!! This is an extremely powerful script, please read the notes or at the very least do some googling. So you see 4 "tabs" on the top? Install then Tweaks then Config and finally Updates. Click Updates first, this will control how windows updates talks to your computer. I select "Security Settings", leaving it alone and not touching it is fine as well. I'd advise against Disable ALL unless you want a very slimmed down win10 that isn't going online anytime soon (think car pc, or whatever else). Next go to Tweaks, and select the following on the left
Disable Telemetry
Disable Wifi-Sense
Disable Activity History
Disable Location Tracking
Disable Homegroup
Disable Storage Sense
Disable Hibernation
Disable GameDVR

On the right select the following

Disable UAC
Remove ALL MS Store Apps
Remove Microsoft Edge
Remove OneDrive

Now on the bottom right you should see 2 buttons one that says "Run Tweaks" the other says "undo selected Tweaks". Click Run Tweaks, if you click on your powershell window you should see the script running those tweaks. Once that is finished, click on the Install Tab, this tab is extremely useful for downloading programs without having to go to their site or even use a browser. For example I always install the following

Brave
7-Zip
BulkCrapUninstaller

if you want to follow along, click those 3 then select "Get Installed" from the winget box (right below the tabs) it may take a few minutes but you'll see Brave, 7-Zip and Bulk Crap Uninstaller icons appear on your desktop. 

Next step is to stop Defender from running, it is an awful piece of crap that runs constantly and there is really no need to. Go to https://pastebin.com/hLsCCZQY and click the download button. a .bat file should download, whatever browser you use might warn you that its dangerous blah blah hit Keep or Accept and run that bat (just double click). A window should pop up that asks do you want to Disable Defender (or Enable Defender) If you want to Disable it click Yes, the script will run once finished, it is advised that you reboot the pc so all the changes to take. Once the pc has rebooted, open up task manager (right click on the taskbar and select task manager" and check to make sure windows anti virus isn't running. If it is, typically it will be the one using the most memory or cpu or disk.

Now you should be almost done with this computer, after Defender is shut down, I open up BulkCrapUninstaller and uninstall anything that is bloatware (stuff companies THINK you need) This varies system to system and really depends on your system. Once that is done, or if there is nothing to uninstall this computer is pretty much set for the market. Last thing I do is delete everything and clear out the recycling bin. All Temp files, all browser files, etc. etc. etc. Take pics of the desktop, start button pressed (so it shows the program list), also take a pic of the about this pc in the settings page and windows update to show that its completely updated. 
